= Mastercoin wallet

Mastercoin wallet implementation in Ruby using QT bindings.

== Dependencies
* Ruby 1.9.2 or higher
* Rubygems
* QT 4

Check your ruby version using ruby -v. If the version is lower then 1.9.2 or not installed yet, install {rvm}[http://rvm.io/] and ruby 1.9.3.

Dependencies will differ based on your operating system.

=== OS X 
Install {homebrew}[http://brew.sh/] if you haven't got it yet. 

* brew install qt

=== Debian/Ubuntu
These instructions might not be complete. Additional instructions welcome.

* apt-get install libqt4-gui libqt4-dev cake

== Installation
Once the depencies are installed you can just do gem install mastercoin-wallet to install the wallet. Start it by issuing mastercoin-wallet from a terminal.

== First run configuration
The first time you run the wallet it will ask you for a password and your Mastercoin private key. If you use Bitcoin-qt as your main wallet you can find the 
private key by going to help->debug window->console. In this window you type dumpprivkey followed by your Mastercoin address to retrieve the private key.

Please note that your private key should remain private. If somebody somehow aquires this key then can spend your Bitcoin and Mastercoin please be diligent when transferring your private key.

== Privacy

This client uses Mastercoin-explorer.com to lookup your balance and transaction information and to broadcast new transactions. It does not relay any
private information like your private key that information is kept encrypted inside your mastercoin-wallet config file and is never transmitted to a third-party.

== Alpha warning

This is the initial version of this client, please only use if it you know and accept the risks that come with using w.i.p. applications.

== Contributing to mastercoin-wallet
 
* Check out the latest master to make sure the feature hasn't been implemented or the bug hasn't been fixed yet.
* Check out the issue tracker to make sure someone already hasn't requested it and/or contributed it.
* Fork the project.
* Start a feature/bugfix branch.
* Commit and push until you are happy with your contribution.
* Make sure to add tests for it. This is important so I don't break it in a future version unintentionally.
* Please try not to mess with the Rakefile, version, or history. If you want to have your own version, or is otherwise necessary, that is fine, but please isolate to its own commit so I can cherry-pick around it.

== Copyright

Copyright (c) 2013 Maran. See LICENSE.txt for
further details.

